from a sketch to create sports cars
is that the mastretta have become
in a high production company
automotive so talk Carlos
mastretta within its participation in
web 2003 we decided to look when the
company had a technical strength and
good financial we set ourselves the
possibility of fulfilling a dream because
also at the end of accounts
to follow our passion was we want
make a sports car that we can that
we can manufacture and sell efficiently
so
we consider ourselves although conditions and high
added value
there we have examples of this
industry the whole world the market
Car world is like
70 million for 1
you will imagine that there is a
amount of huge market niches
for all the cars and we saw that
more and more in the world there is a taste for
niche sports cars and cars
people really buy for the
entertainment more than for the
transport and then we said the same thing
of us may not be competitive
because normally these are
facts for tiny companies are
medium-tech cars and
design but made with techniques from
argument and so we think we can be
competitive that you see there all are
products that is currently manufactured in
the world and that many of them have
very successful and if you are modern of
business we can put into practice
continue with old practices in the
companies will not allow growth in
she and aware of it company luis
de león 'attended the world innovation
for getting rich from new lines for
their assets companies must be
immersed in an environment of innovation
our company that is dedicated to the
manufacture of leather and footwear and
distribution of them we have to
renew every three months each
season we renew styles models
we invent new technology to
that shoes fit better so that
there are more comfort systems
administrative require an innovation
permanent looking for greater productivity
here we come to learn how to do more
innovation
ah